Welcome to the Boom Beach task force "US Army Rangers"!
This is a team for those who serve their country, their family and their friends.
If you want to join us, then welcome! We'll count you as our friend.

The Rules:

1: Don't be a jerk
2: Participate in raids, leave blood on the beach
3: Earn Intel so we can go on raids

That's the short version.  Keep reading for the long version :)

1: Don't be a jerk.
  This is a family-friendly task force.  
  Several players are young children, use appropriate language.
  Be friendly, chat if you want; we're here to have fun :)
    Officer slots are usually offered to people whose names we know from Chat.
    Officer slots are never given to new players just because they ask.
      Seriously, asking for promotion as a new member confuses us.
      Play hard, let us get to know you; earn our trust if you want to be an officer.
  DO NOT be abusive to other players.
  You may get a warning about language use on the first offense.
  You will be ejected immediately - with no warning - if you verbally abuse other players.

2: Participate in raids, leave blood on the beach
  Officers choose difficulty level based on recent success/failure in raid
    Harder missions let more people participate.  We want this :)
    Lack of participation makes us less successful as a Task Force.  We don't want this :(
  We expect you to go on raids as often as you can.
    If you are going to stop participating for a while (travel, studies, etc), tell us in chat
    We're pretty patient about this, BUT 
    An average of 0 attacks/week will get you kicked out eventually.  Don't be that guy.
  DEPLOY TROOPS during raids
    We're NOT patient about this
    Officers/co-leaders who notice an attack without troops can kick without warning
    Tell us in chat if you get disconnected mid-attack so we don't kick you by mistake
    
3: Earn Intel so we can go on raids
  This may seem obvious, but we need intel to start the harder missions.
  We want to raid once per day if we can
    Mambo costs 220 Intel; that takes 4.4 Intel / person
    Launching Mambo once per day would require everyone to average 31 Intel / week
  Rules of thumb:
    10+ intel/week = solid beginning member
    20+ intel/week = we'll consider offering you an officer spot if we like you ;)
  If you want to raid more often, don't complain; earn more intel instead!
 
